{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Got the aneuploid arm data from Cohen-Sharir et al. 2021. \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Aneuploidy renders cancer cells vulnerable to mitotic checkpoint inhibition. Natur\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 e. \AppleTypeServices \cf2 https://doi.org/10.1038/s41586-020-03114-6\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\
\
got protein expression data from: \
Nusinow et al. Cell, 2020, Quantitative proteomics of the cancer cell line encyclopedia: \
12785 Proteins\
426 cell lines\
downloaded August 3rd, 2020\
\
Correlated aneuploid scores with gene dropouts. \
\
Cell line info (Depmap): \
Cell Line Sample Info\
downloaded 200521\
1804 cell lines, 35 primary diseases, 38 lineages\
	largest lineages: Lung, Skin, Heamaropoetic/Lymphoid, CNS.\
\
found protein\'92s genomic location using: \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Use gene tables from HGNC or UCSC to find kinase locations\
\
Normalization: \
For each protein, the filtered peptide TMT values were summed to create non-normalized protein quantifications. To control for differential protein loading within a ten-plex, the summed protein quantities were adjusted to be equal within a ten-plex. Following this, values were log2-transformed, and within each ten-plex the bridge channel protein quantity was subtracted from each sample quantity to create a ratio to the bridge. Bridge samples, now 0, were removed. For each protein, there is some measurement error in the measurement of the bridge sample. To account for this, within each ten-plex, the mean protein expression was centered at 0. Finally, ten-plexes were joined by protein identification to create the complete dataset.}