{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red41\green101\blue168;\red135\green68\blue131;\red151\green58\blue140;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c20000\c47843\c71765;\cssrgb\c60392\c35686\c58431;\cssrgb\c66275\c32157\c61961;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Got the aneuploid arm data from Cohen-Sharir et al. N
\f1\fs24 ature 2021. \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
https://doi.org/10.1038/s41586-020-03114-6\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\f0\fs26 \
\
Got RNA data from Depmap, Broad institute. \

\f2\fs28 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
DepMap, Broad (2020): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.6084/m9.figshare.13237076.v4"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 DepMap 20Q4 Public.}} figshare. Dataset doi:10.6084/m9.figshare.13237076.v4.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Mahmoud Ghandi, Franklin W. Huang, Judit Jan\'e9-Valbuena, Gregory V. Kryukov, ... Todd R. Golub, Levi A. Garraway & William R. Sellers. 2019. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1038/s41586-019-1186-3"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 Next-generation characterization of the Cancer Cell Line Encyclopedia.}} Nature 569, 503\'96508 (2019).\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
CCLE_expression.csv\
\
File Description\cb1 \
\cb4 RNAseq TPM gene expression data for just protein coding genes using RSEM. Log2 transformed, using a pseudo-count of 1.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Rows: cell lines (Broad IDs)\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Columns: genes (HGNC symbol and Entrez ID)\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 Expression\cb1 \
\cb4 CCLE expression data is quantified from RNAseq files using the GTEx pipelines. A detailed description of the pipelines and tool versions can be found here: https://github.com/broadinstitute/ccle_processing#rnaseq. We provide a subset of the data files outputted from this pipeline available on FireCloud. These are aligned to hg38.\cb1 \
\
\cb4 DepMap Public 20Q4\cb1 \
\cb4 This DepMap release contains data from CRISPR knockout screens from project Achilles, as well as genomic characterization data from the CCLE project.\
\
Cellular Models\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb4 19182\cf3  Genes\cb1 \
\cf6 \cb4 1376\cf3  Cell Lines\cb1 \
\cf6 \cb4 33\cf3  Primary Diseases\cb1 \
\cf6 \cb4 37\cf3  Lineages\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 Download (direct from figshare):\cb1 \
\cb4 Source: Broad Institute\
\cb1 \
\cb4 Data Usage\cf7 \cb1 \
\cf3 \cb4 For this DepMap release:\cb1 \
\cb4 DepMap, Broad (2020): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.6084/m9.figshare.13237076.v2"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 DepMap 20Q4 Public.}} figshare. Dataset doi:10.6084/m9.figshare.13237076.v2.}